Generous Glossy Snail

High

# `split` transaction's fixed fees undercharge block stuff DOS attacks

## Summary

Split transactions that contain only 1 transition (the entire transaction is a single `split` transaction and nothing else) do not require a fee commitment and instead charge a fixed 10 credit fee. Since the fee is fixed this transaction type can be abused in block stuffing attacks without having to increase the fee during times of congestion. 

## Vulnerability Detail

Similar to Ethereum's EIP-1559 mechanism, Aleo allows for fee increases during times of congestion to prevent DOS due to block stuffing attacks. Unlike public and private `fee` transaction types where the fee is dynamic and provided as inputs, `split` transaction types have a fixed fee that is hardcoded to 10 credits in the `split` function in credits.aleo. This allows for an attacker to use this transaction type to fill blocks to their [max transaction limit](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/ledger/block/src/verify.rs#L422-L428) without ever having to increase their fees. This allows for unreasonable cheap block stuffing attacks that can be used to DOS the network during critical time periods to prevent DEX liquidations, collateral adjustments, etc. 

## Impact

The hardcoding of the `split` transactions fee amount and lack of outer fee commitment requirements bypass the Aleo networks dynamic fee mechanism allowing unreasonable cheap block stuff DOS attacks on the network.

## Code Snippet

[snarkVM/synthesizer/src/vm/verify.rs#L225-L248](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/synthesizer/src/vm/verify.rs#L225-L248)

[snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L947-L972)](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L947-L972)

[snarkVM/ledger/block/src/verify.rs#L422-L428](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/ledger/block/src/verify.rs#L422-L428)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove the fixed fee from inside the `split` function in credits.aleo. Require fee commitments for this transaction type that are similar to all other transaction types. 