Generous Glossy Snail

Medium

# `bond_validator` and `bond_public` do not allow bonding even if unbonding window has passed or there are no credits unbonding

## Summary

`bond_validator` and `bond_public` do not allow bonding if there currently exists an entry in the global `unbonding[]` map for the validator. This will fail even if the unbonding window is over, incorrectly preventing valid bonding in these cases.

## Vulnerability Detail
`bond_validator` and `unbond_validator` do not allow bonding if there currently exists an entry in the global `unbonding[]` map for the validator. This will fail even if the unbonding window is over, incorrectly preventing valid bonding in these cases. The only way to re-allow bonding is to call `claim_unbond_public` on the validator. It is also possible for delegators and validators to have a 0 balance for their unbonding credits (see issue #3). This means that invalid unbonding logic can prevent valid bonding flows in multiple ways when this `unbonding[]` check method is used.

## Impact

Delegators and validators attempting to make valid bonds will be unable to

## Code Snippet

[snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L391-L394](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L391-L394)

[snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L265-L268](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L265-L268)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Change these checks to check if the unbonding window has passed, not just check if an unbonding entry exists as it may not yet be claimed.