Generous Glossy Snail

Medium

# Aleo's zero address checks should be in bonding functions and not `unbond_public`

## Summary

`credits.aleo` has [checks]([](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L460-L465)) in `unbond_public` to make sure that the validators withdrawal address is not set to the default dummy address. It even makes an extra variable (`r8`) to account for the corner case of the zero address actually calling the function. These checks would serve more purpose in `bond_public` and `bond_validator` as they could actually prevent loss of funds in these locations and would still cover this corner case.

## Vulnerability Detail

If Aleo is going to add logic to handle the corner case of this address use (in this case pubkey `aleo1qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq3ljyzc`) then it should not place them in `unbond_public`. Aleo should move this check into `bond_validator` to prevent the address from ever being set to a validator withdrawal address since its address can never be known. This will prevent the loss of funds (100 credit minimum validator bond) that would happen in this case and would reduce the complexity of `unbond_public`, which is called by both validators and delegators alike.

## Impact

The check where it currently stands in `unbond_public` does not prevent a loss of funds from the validator but is still required to preserve correct logic of unbonding delegator bonds. If a validator does somehow set this address as their withdrawal address the mimimum loss of funds is 100 credits.

## Code Snippet

[snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L460-L465](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L460-L465)

I have also created an [annotated pseudo code](https://gist.github.com/infosecual/d6a8442c18c987b195364fd51f359cc8) version of `unbond_public` to make it easier to read.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a check that the withdrawal addresss being set in `bond_validator` and `bond_public` are not equal to `aleo1qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq3ljyzc`. Refactor `unbond_public` to remove the handling of this corner case.