Ambitious Vinyl Anteater

Medium

# The delegator can maliciously execute unbond_pulic

## Summary
The delegator can maliciously execute unbond_pulic.
## Vulnerability Detail
Please see
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-05-aleo/blob/main/snarkVM/synthesizer/program/src/resources/credits.aleo#L488 

Suppose a staker has 1 million Aleo credits. In extreme cases, when he finds that the total amount of Delegators of a Valadator node is around 9.99 million, he can stake 20,000 of his 1 million Aleo credits to _Validator A_. The other 980,000 will be staked to _Validator B_, and he can unblond 20,000 credits from _Validator A_ at the right time, which will cause others' 9.99 million credits staked to _Validator A_ to have no income within 360 block heights. And at the same time, this may bring his income from 980,000 credits staked to _Validator B_  to be higher, especially in the early days of network launch.

## Impact
It doesn't guarantee the stability of income for all Delegators.
## Code Snippet
      // Check if the delegator will fall below 10,000 bonded credits.
        lt r16 10_000_000_000u64 into r17;

        // If the validator is forcing the delegator to unbond OR the delegator will fall below 10,000 bonded credits.
        or r11 r17 into r18;

        // Determine the amount to unbond: requested amount if >= 10,000 credits, otherwise the full bonded amount.
        ternary r18 r5.microcredits r2 into r19;
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
A threshold for each Delegator to participate can be set, for example, starting from 500,000. Delegators that do not meet the requirements can participate through ARC0038.